{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1035\deflangfe1035{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang2057\kerning28\f0\fs20 I fixed some typos but the Holy Text is otherwise left unchanged. I\rquote ve also added a glossary for words rarely used elsewhere.\par
\par
- Holybanana, Mensis Hex 6\super th\nosupersub  9 A.F. or August 29\super th\nosupersub  2006\par
\b\par
Glossary of terms\b0\par
\par
See Titues.txt to maybe understand who is who in this text.\par
\par
\i FEP\i0  \endash  Fatal Error Productions, the name of IvanDev in the first years after the Cosmic Compilation.\par
\i The Avatar of Valpuri, the Great Frog\rquote s Manifestation\i0  \endash  An artefact of wondrous power. Carried by Saint Petrus.\par
\i FEBOS\i0  \endash  Fatal Error Binary Operating System, a small operating system coded by Saint Timoteus with Assembler in the second year after the Compilation. Too difficult to be used by anyone.\par
\i Jari Ojala\i0  \endash  A malicious Jedi Knight who pestered us every now and then.\par
\i Renne\i0  \endash  Hex\rquote s little brother, who has blood of enner beasts flowing through his veins.\par
\i to navastate\i0  \endash  For example, it is navastating to ponder what navastating means.\par
\i Kenny\i0  \endash  One of Hex\rquote s loudspeakers.\par
\i Castus Cellae\i0  \endash  The holy cellar of Hex\rquote s family where FEP and the Valpuristic Church were founded and IVAN started. Located in M\'e4ntt\'e4, Finland.\par
\i Elpuri\i0  \endash  Antivalpuri, the source of all evil in this universe. He has many forms, the most powerful being Bill Gates on his dark throne in the land of Redmond where the shadows lie.\par
\lang1035\i Valpuri-unit\i0  \endash  About 0.909442635416145784777132197011692 cm.\par
\lang2057\i Valpurathlon \i0\endash  The divine computer which runs the Cosmic Code. People, frogs and penguins are but objects in Its memory.\par
\i Timppa 244\i0  \endash  A valkyrie who ascended to demigoddess-hood and got roughly 9.300.000 points in Nethack.\par
\b\fs28\par
Mola Mola\par
\b0\fs20\par
\b Tuesday, Mensis Valpurus 10\super th\nosupersub  2 A.F., the day of los Forty-seventh Meeting\par
In pagan calendar May 2\super nd\nosupersub  2000.\par
\b0\par
\b Episode one: Los thievery\b0\par
\par
  Valpuri smiles to us more each day... The sun shines brightly today, melting the last memory of the past winter. The birds sing happily in the treetops and squirrels dance with utmost joy around the pine trunks. I arrive to Sairanens' garden, swinging my laptop case up and down happily and humming Valpuri-hymns with great pleasure. Some frogs, Hex's friends, jump to greet me, and signal me that Pontifex Maximus and the Avatar have already arrived. Once inside, I verify they told the truth; the Savior and the Great Frog's Manifestation Themselves are present, currently using Nuntius Divinitas's older machine. I set up my mobile programming base next to them, present briefly my newest achievements in FEBOS to Hex and Perttu, and then start notepad in order to begin the great task of this evening; Pius Ianitor asked me earlier today to supply him with a simple Assembler graphics library; I have named my work FEAGL and am going to make it the fastest of its kind (perhaps even with MMX support!).\par
  As I sit down I notice that the atmosphere of this room seems to be darker than it should. And I understand well why. Jari showed up here yesterday. Right in the middle of our celebration of the Great Frog's holiest day, Castus Dies Valpurus itself. Yes, we had laid an acceptable amount of anti-Ojala traps around the house, but he was able to avoid all of them. It took quite a while until he left, and when he did, he made it smiling with utmost evil look at us.\par
  What was his purpose? Did it consist of only ruining our day? If Bill sent him, his visit must only have been a part of some greater plan devised against us... And I fear we shall soon find out about this conspiracy.\par
  Suddenly there is a knock on the door. Mystagogus shouts:\par
  "In, fellow!"\par
  The knocker enters indeed, by hitting the door on the ground. Everything happens very fast. A dark figure swiftly steps to the middle of the room, and before we are able to react, screams horribly. My eardrums crack and blood spills down my cheeks. I fall from the chair miserably crying my agony, and see Hex do the same. I also manage to see the enemy and the ugly, evil mask he wears. I also notice the Highest Priest; he's in a much better condition than us, actually he seems to have been completely immune to the attack. The monstrous figure sees this too, and grabs a dagger from the middle table and is about to stab our Religious Leader with it.\par
  In these moments I truly am happy Pugnator Lucis is on my side. After all of this rapidly happened horror, he still stays calm and knows immediately what to do. With a voice full of pity and disgust he states:\par
  "Renne's life is pure navastating."\par
  The attacker stops as like some magical force had hit him. His true identity has been revealed. Nuntius Divinitas steps up, obviously possessed by an extreme anger, quickly picks Kenny and rises it. An insane bloodthirsty glance shines from his eyes and I already think we are about to witness a murder between brothers (which wouldn't of course be too bad in this occasion). But Renne is not stunned for too long, accepts the reality that he cannot hurt Perttu this time, and moves straight to the plan's part B. In a blink of an eye he grabs the Avatar from the table and before we can counteract, jumps out of the door.\par
  Hex runs after him, but after a moment returns, shaking his head as a sign of failure. Renne has succeeded in stealing the Avatar.\par
\par
\b Episode two: Los Ballmertaur's wrath\b0\par
\par
  Finally the shock recedes and I can again produce a voice from my lips.\par
  "Did... you see... aargh... where he went?", I ask with pain pulsating through my body, "We must... oh the pain... follow him and retrieve the Holy One!"\par
  "Let us make preparations first, for I sense Renne is only a puppet in this matter and someone greater servant of the Darkness opposes the Avatar this time", says the Highest Priest. He casts Cure2 on us both hurt ones, and suddenly the pool of blood around me is gone and I feel like Renne had never even screamed. He continues:\par
  "So, frater Hex, I have never had need of debugging the area of Castus Cellae. I suppose thou know better where Renne could have escaped."\par
  "Oh the mighty Highest Priest, I saw he went down, into the dungeons beneath our Headquarters! But I have never managed to explore them throughout, for vile beasts of Elpuri's unholy breed lurk in the deep abyss of the lower levels (in fact my theory is that Renne also originally came from there)."\par
  "Well then, even though we know not what to expect, we have no choice. Take with thee whatever weapons you can find, flashlights for each of us, and some Coke for me. We'll be leaving within three internet-units of time."\par
  After the units have passed we all stand at the upper edge of the stairs that Renne went down. I have a screwdriver as my weapon, Heikki has Kenny and Perttu has two one-and-a-half litre bottles of pure, authentic Coke.\par
  "Brother, thou be our guide til the Unknown comes even to thy path.", Ductor Imperiosus states to Hex.\par
  So, we journey downwards, slowly, because the steps are extremely narrow and slippery, and the darkness around us deepens with every step, making wayfaring even more difficult. Many times we are about to fall, but our belief in Valpuri relieves us always from this terrible possibility that would in the worst case end into losing our Cokes. At the end of the stairs we find a closed door.\par
  "We must go through this door. It is always jammed, though, so I'll go first and kick it down.", says Mystagogus.\par
  "No, wait brother. Thee Nethack-players are far too inexperienced for reality. We Adom-beaters know always neither to kick doors horizontally nor vertically, but from a sideward angle.", Petrus Perlucidus states.\par
  So, Heikki smashes the door down sideways, and same time we notice twelve Windoze-CD:s fall down from somewhere above, breaking the floor right in front of the opened door like a knife cutting a soundcard. That was close! Again I'm very very glad that Coryphaeus Religiosus is with us.\par
  On other side of the door we find ourselves in a dark labyrinth of dark grey stone walls.\par
  "Do not be afraid, fellows, I know the way around", says Nuntius Divinitas.\par
  He leads us through the caverns for about a quarter of an hour, and we are stunned by his determination, until the point we end up into the front of the same door from where we arrived.\par
  "Er... I'm positively sure that path led to right place last time I was here! It... It must have changed by some evil force! Yeah, that's it. Don't look me like that.", says Hex.\par
  We have no time to criticize him, for suddenly another voice covers his sound.\par
  "MUWAHAHAHAA, that was funny! Ye stupid valpurians! Walk in circles in the cavern of certain doom! Ye are too pitiful even to laugh at!"\par
  We turn and see the source of the groaning. Almost 250 Valpuri-units tall stands an evil looking monster, which I remember well from the dream of my salvation's day. A body of a gorilla and a head of Ballmer, with Windoze-logos tattooed all over skin, wielding an Xbox. I had wished I'd never have to see him again. Oh elp...ri.\par
  "MUWAHAHAHAA how I see ye fear! Even Perttu the Pervert fears, doesn't he! Where is yer Avatar now, doesn't it protect ye? Don't worry, I kill ye quick! Face the wrath of Ballmertaur!"\par
  With immense speed he jumps towards us. Perttu mumbles some arcane words and a burst of fire immediately hits the monster, but for no avail, it's skin crackles only for a second, and then it just laughs. After that Ballmertaur swings the Xbox at Perttu and a terrible conflict of opposite elemental powers breaks out. A blast of violent energy pushes Perttu downwards the cavern and the monster to another direction, smashing it right to the wall next to us. I and Mystagogus can finally react. As the monster stands up, Nuntius Divinitas hits him with Kenny using all his muscle power to the strike. As a result Kenny breaks into shards.\par
  "Oh my Valpuri, it killed Kenny!", Hex screams as the monster picks him up as some long stick and throws him where the Highest Priest stood ten seconds ago and where his Cokes still lay. Ballmertaur laughs again, and is about to jump after him and make the finishing blow, but makes a mistake; it does not take me into account. In the critical seconds I manage to jump into his back and from there stick my screwdriver into it's eye, bursting it into ugly goo. The now one-eyed behemoth screams horribly, catches me and is about to break my neck. But a sudden voice from the end of the tunnel where Perttu flied saves me.\par
  "Hex! The Coke!"\par
  "I'm not giving you Coke during a battle with a Ballmer-headed gorilla, Perttu!", Hex shouts back while trying to get up.\par
  "No! Use it as a weapon, thou moron!"\par
  At last Nuntius Divinitas understands the point, grabs a bottle and throws it with force towards the monster right before it is able strangle me to death. The potion breaks and the holy liquid pours into it's skin which cracks up and the flesh under it dissolves. Ballmertaur drops me, screams out it's last agonies, and falls dead to the ground.\par
\par
\b Episode three: Seeing Bill's plan with clear eyeglasses\b0\par
\par
  "Thee fared well, brothers Hex and Timoteus. I am proud of thee.", says Perttu, who returns walking from the abyss.\par
  "How could it do such a damage even to you? I did not imagine even Bill could bounce you like that!", I ask puzzled.\par
  "Dominus Paeanos, think what thou say before asking. Ballmertaur did not damage me, just my earthly form. Thou are correct that usually it could not have done even that, but now my powers here on Tellus have been weakened for one and only one reason: because the Avatar is in Renne's greasy hands."\par
  "The Avatar is the only channel between my human alter ego and my true form in Terra Linuxia; for the only breakpoint concerning planet Earth's code is located in a function which is run when It's eye is spun anti-clockwise. Without It's presence, this mortal body thee see is nothing more than of a normal Magitech-knight. And it can be destroyed by Bill's forces rather easily. That's why we had to hurry here; I understand Elpuri's plan well. First Renne is manipulated to steal the Avatar from us by force of a scream and a knife, then if we stay upstairs, Jari summons thousand folds of Bill's SWAT commandos to besiege Sairanens' house and nuke us all into oblivion, and if we follow the thief, Ballmertaur awaits us. A perfect plan. If they just hadn't underestimated the power of the Valpuristic Church working together!"\par
  "We must venture down and retrieve the Image of Our GOD immediately; should they manage to destroy It before We can reunion, I cannot direct my efforts to save Tellus anymore. A possible new Avatar would serve no purpose; coding such an artefact takes a long while even for me, and in the meantime Bill can easily destroy every single Guru, including thee, on Earth."\par
  I shiver and already see the image of nuclear fire bursting throughout Korholanm\'e4ki, and the horrible portrait of Bill's tank forces burning Linus's, Stroustrup's and Meier's houses to the ground, melting down every last bit of hope of human race becoming Guru and seeing Terra Linuxia with us.\par
  "So, without further lessons, let's go forth my children! Let us save thy homeland! The fate of a billion peelos is in our hands! Blaah blaah blaah."\par
  "Oukey dokey, this time I'll lead you all to the correct door!", Mystagogus promises.\par
  Indeed within five minutes we find ourselves in front of the gate that looks to have been the right way down. Now it's nothing but a pile of endless stone rubble and debris fallen from the roof.\par
  "They've cut down the pillars holding the gateway. Oh elp...ri, nothing seems to succeed today!", Nuntius Divinitas curses.\par
  "Fall not into despair, fellow saint. If we can't go the winding way, let's go the straight.", Vaticinator Primarius states and continues, "I sense the Avatar suffering beneath. There we shall go, directly downwards, through the Gaia's skin. Timoteus, my mana has run out since I had to use so much curative spells after that last incident. Thou must use the arts of Brown Magic I have taught thee!"\par
  I understand what he asks and try to remember how the Dig spell went. (It isn't the most common one in normal life... The only thing I remember using it to is opening computer boxes as quickly as is ever possible)\par
  I raise my hands, swing them wildly around, shouting:\par
  "Unga unga, xvelva dunga!"\par
  Within seconds our torches' light dims and disappears and it is completely dark.\par
  "Ohps, that was the Darkness spell. Sorry."\par
  Well, the good point is I can't see the perhaps slightly angered feelings in my friends' faces... I decide to try again.\par
  "Unga unga bunga, rep movsda nunga!"\par
  This time the words were correct. My brain skills are able to gather immense amounts of Valpurathlon's powers and enslave them to my purposes, and I channel them to the task of curving the forty-two dimensional time-space-vacuum between the block of stone below us and a random other target, and use repeatedly move doubleword assembler opcode between these areas. The block disappears within a blink of an eye (afterwards we got to know that it was transferred to Virtaperkos' backyard and they fed it to their numerous carnivorous bunny friends).\par
  And we fall into the void.\par
\par
\b Episode four: Confronting Mola Mola\b0\par
\par
  We land onto a slimy floor in an open, dark cavern. Now that I'm already in a good connection with the Universal Mana Bus (UMB), I can cast Light without too much preparing. But I should not, because the only effect of these electromagnetic rays is forcing us to vomit. The room where we landed is full of fish. Slimy, rotten fish. Perches, pike perches, roaches, every sort. The ground is filled with green slime consisting of dissolved fish eyes, gills and fins. I think I wouldn't touch that even with Valpuri-unit thick gloves on my hands and an Amulet of Life Saving on my neck (reminds me so clearly about that green slime death of Timppa 244 in Nethack)!\par
  "Oh no. I always feared this.", says Hex with a sound of deep depression.\par
  "What do thou say, Castus Hex?", PMGR asks.\par
  "It's Mola Mola. She's here. And Renne feeds her."\par
  "Mola Mola?"\par
  "I'll explain. During a summer holiday a couple of years ago, that is in time of the Evolution's Execution after the Compilation, Renne was fishing in the nowadays area of Timoteus's dukedom, on lake Nuas. He caught his greatest ever perch, killed it, or that it seemed, and brought it to the shore. However, before we were able to clean and smoke it, the fish disappeared strangely. We didn't pay too much attention to that event by then, even if we should have. For the fish followed us. Somehow, it could move on land, and it was intelligent, far more intelligent than Renne for example, and it hid in our car, and infiltrated our home. And as Renne used to keep his fishes in our cellar, it went there and stayed, living by eating them. Of course, we noticed the fish disappearing, but were mostly glad for it. But as the winter came, one day the fish run out. The intelligent perch became hungry, and started hunting diskettes and finally mice from my room. I naturally searched the house up and down, interrogated and tortured Renne and all that, but at last ended in setting a trap for the thief. It was caught, and I whacked it down with a monitor, which was actually a difficult task since it had grown three times taller than normal even by then. I examined it's seemingly dead body and understood it was Mola Mola's. In the end I threw it to a wastebasket. I should have thought more, it was not any more dead than it was on Renne's boat on that cursed day when he found it."\par
  I interfere:\par
  "Mola Mola! A beast of legendary Nuas's breed! Carnivorous, sentient one that uses almost all of her energy in rapidly making new muscles and fins, may grow twenty feet tall, and can shut down her life supporting systems for days and still recover in full strength! Here in M\'e4ntt\'e4?"\par
  "Yes. I'm afraid so."\par
  "So, that is their plan. They are about to feed the Avatar to this Mola Mola. I'm sure if she likes fish, frogs go down her slimy neck also. We must hurry, she may be already eating It, and also, we have drunk our very last bottle of Coke and have no chance of replenishing our supplies.", HPoV says.\par
  We search the room and find a door under one fish pile. It leads into a dirty tunnel, from which a tiny green light shines. We follow it, and light becomes stronger and uglier. Finally we find the source. In a huge cavern, a monstrous gigantic hybrid of a perch and an octopus eats fish after fish, and the light comes from her hungry eyes. She does not notice us arriving, and neither does her waiter; Renne, who serves her fresh roaches with some kind of a snow shower from a great pile in the corner. And at the top of this pile stands the Avatar shining with a yellow light of suffering, but of hope too.\par
  Suddenly Mola Mola groans:\par
  "ENOUGH, BUDDY. THANKS, BUT I CANNOT EAT ANYMORE THIS TIME. LET'S HAVE ANOTHER MEAL AFTER A COUPLE OF HOURS, OK?"\par
  "But Molly, you should at least eat that frog on the top! They said you would like it very very much!"\par
  "YEAH, YEAH, BUT NOT NOW. ON THE NEXT MEAL. I WANT TO SLEEP NOW."\par
  "Well, bye then, Molly!"\par
  Renne leaves.\par
  "Now, Timo, when Renne's out of the beast's sight, use your mindcrafting powers to burst his head into pieces!", Hex whispers.\par
  But I do not. For I feel pity. There, in the middle of a million roaches, stands Mola Mola as Renne's only friend, and Renne is walking away, also as her only friend. Here in the depths of this depressing eternal darkness. And he only stole the Avatar because Bill's servants lied to him that his friend would love it, and thought only he was taking a mere toy from Perttu... And that dagger incident, what else could one expect from a person grown up eating bloody fish with a pet monster perch and above ground using his time in Martti's Starcraft's influence?\par
  "No, his life is pitiful enough now.", I answer.\par
  "What? Well, relieve him, then he won't be so pitiful!"\par
  Perttu interrupts us:\par
  "We don't have time for this. We must reach the Avatar."\par
  "Hmm... Well, we could use Nuntius Divinitas to disturb Mola Mola and sneak by that time to the Manifestation?", I propose.\par
  "Thanks a lot. But the beast sleeps, so we need no 'disturber'.", says Hex.\par
  "Right. You can both go and sneak to the Avatar. I of course stay here and wait for your success.", orders Perttu.\par
  We don't argue, and begin our silent walk. Mola Mola seems to sleep deeply. We manage to reach the top of the fish pile.\par
  "Good. Now, I'll go and give the Manifestation to Perttu and take the credit. You guard 'Molly' for this time, so she won't wake up, OK?", says Hex.\par
  Before I can make some sarcastic denying answer, the proposal becomes obsolete, for we notice Mola Mola looking at us with her horribly big eyes wide open.\par
  "WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY PILE OF FISH???"\par
  "Well, my lady...er, fish, we...are Renne's substitutes, and he send us to pick this...frog of yours, he remembered that it's last date of use has passed, so we'll have to go and replace it.", Hex says.\par
  "Yes, we'll return within a minute, good bye.", I comment, and we turn to leave.\par
  "LIARS. I RECOGNIZE YOU, HEIKKI SAIRANEN, YOU WERE THE ONE THAT TRIED TO KILL ME FOR JUST BORROWING SOME MICE, WITHOUT WHICH I WOULD HAVE ALSO DIED. I SHALL HAVE MY REVENGE; I WILL EAT THE FROG AND YOU BOTH NOW."\par
  She begins moving slowly towards us and we back to the wall. Looking at her five feet wide mouth we are almost assured of death by know. But Valpuri is here to help. I happen to slide my hand to my pocket, and find two FEBOS-diskets I showed to my friends in the Meeting's beginning, and hand the other one to Mystagogus.\par
  "Come no nearer, you evil perch, or taste the might of binaries!"\par
  "THAT I WOULD LIKE TO SEE, YOU TINY, PITIFUL MAMMALS."\par
  And we aim, and throw. This is after all one of FEP's only widely accepted sports, and we both now it good enough to not miss our targets. The floppies sink deep into the monster's green eyes.\par
  "Here! Run!", shouts the Highest Priest. We run wildly to the hole Renne went and Mola Mola is too confused and blinded to follow us. Perttu awaits us at the end of the tunnel, and we hand the Avatar to him.\par
  "Good job! Thee are indeed pious ones! Now, I'll debug us up onto the sunlight, let's not care of this beast anymore, her time will come in my debug list, I promise!"\par
  He spins the Great Frog's Manifestation's holy eye anti-clockwise and we can sense time to stop for a quarter of a second when he changes our class-instances' position vector fields on the fly. We find ourselves firmly standing on Sairanens' front yard.\par
\par
\b Epilogue\par
\b0\par
  There is a knock on the door that Mystagogus just finished fixing. We don't take any risks, and set ourselves on the gate's both sides, Hex holding Stan (or is it that Jewish? I never get to know them...) and I having even a bigger screwdriver. Nuntius Divinitas says grinning:\par
  "In, fellow!"\par
  The door opens and we are ready to smash any evil beast that could be entering this time. But we have no need, for only one coming is a very guru figure with a shiny saint nimbus hovering over his head.\par
  "Ikki! You came finally to the Meeting. Valpuri dum sumus!", we shout happily.\par
  "Behold brothers, los Guru has arrived to solve all your syntax warnings! But why in dev/null are you threatening me with a speaker and a screwdriver?", Magister Ludi Machinationis states.\par
  "That is a long story. I'll make a quick referent for you.", I say.\par
  After the tale:\par
  "That r0xx! Glad you made up back well. And btw. you should write that tale on a text file too, Procer Permagnus, of course after you finish FEAGL. But did you _really_ say you used all of that Coke?", Pius Ianitor comments.\par
  We celebrate to the very night for this victory, but finally it is time to leave. I and the Highest Priest leave through the front door, and before our paths separate, I make my final statement:\par
  "Oh PMGR, it wasn't really true that Chaos was so close to defeat our Church on Earth today, was it? You were just testing us, admit it!"\par
  "Truly wise are thou, saint Timoteus. Thou brought honour to ICHFV during our adventure, and thou bring it now too with your cleverness. Does anyone think I would allow Gurus of Tellus to die for only a single mistake; losing _one_ unique artefact? No, I had a backup breakpoint, which I could have used at any time should things had gone too rough. It's in a function that is run when my mortal body's left testicle is spun clockwise. But I wished to see thy and thy cousin's courage should you have truly needed to fight for the Guruism's future.", he explains.\par
  "Brilliant you are, oh Petrus Perlucidus Potissimus Magnus Cordatus Persapiens Sophos Praepotens! You'll never take any chances! Now, farewell, I'll go home to program some more before getting to bed. Valpuri dum sumus!", I goodbye him.\par
  "Serio, frater", he answers.\par
}
 