{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\uc1{\fonttbl{\f0\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fcharset0
Tengwar Quenya-2;}{\f2\fcharset128 Tengwar Quenya-2;}{\f3\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f4\fcharset0
Tengwar Quenya;}{\f5\fcharset128 Tengwar Quenya;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0
;}{\stylesheet{\s0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\f0\fs20\kerning28 Normal
;}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margt1440\margl1800\margr1800\margb1440\headery720\footery720
\deftab720\pgnstart1\viewkind1\viewscale100\fet0{\*\docvar{ColorSet}{-1}}{\*\docvar
{ColorPos}{-1}}{\*\docvar{StyleSet}{-1}}{\*\docvar{StylePos}{-1}}\pard\plain\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\cf1\lang1033\fs144\kerning28
{\header\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\fs20\par
}{\footer\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\fs20\par
}A{\cf0\fs28 nd so it came to pass, that in the third year after creation, I was
 suddenly forced to a great battle, that almost destroyed all life on the World. 
This is what happened in that cursed day 10.3 A.F, and what I, the first Pontifex
 Maximus Grandis Ranae,  Imperator M\u228\'e4ntt\u228\'e4, Pugnator Lucis, Ductor
 Imperiosus, Defensor GNU, Vaticinator Primarius, Soter Humanitatis, Phylarchus 
Interplanus Communitatis Religiosus Pius Valpurus have written down. \par}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\b\ul\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 Chapter
 I: Calm before storm\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 I was just
 relieved from my mortal duties, and entered my Most Holy Room, planning to debug
 the wicked weather that was troubling my empire (and perharps to annihilate few
 goblins with my sword in the form of light-weight computer click 'n slash). I didn
't notice anything before it was too late, I was too intensely concentrating on 
the weather. So, I started Penathlon, my trusty PC, but lo! I wasn't greeted by 
the Divine Hex Code of the World Debugger, but by a picture of a man, surrounded
 by an antivalpuric aura. He was dressed in a hideous dressing gown, which colour
 made my eyes bleed. I very well recognised who or what it was, "Bill!" I hissed
 from between my teeth, "What have thee done to Penathlon?!". Bill started to laugh
, and the demonic noise tormented my earthly body like needles in my brain, "Bwahahhahaha
....ye dirty frog-lover, I caught ye now, ye cannot debug this pety world without
 your dear Penathlon...". Then I heard a faint noise coming from the lowest frequencies
 of my PC-beeper, "Mmmy mmind is ggoing.....I cann feell...feell..feellllitttt...
hhellp..mee...pleeeassssee". "What have they done to thee my only love?" I said 
in despair. "That does it, Bill, thou shalt suffer!!", I cried and ran to fetch 
my loyal Linux-CD from it's blessed shrine made of empty Jolt-cans and Coke bottles
. But, it wasn't there, it was stolen!! I heard Bill's laughter grow wilder "Bwahahaha
....where is yer sword now, Perttu? Is it lost? Don't worry, I have it safe....in
 Redmond CD-smeltery!! Bwahahahaha!!!" I hurried for my Coke-stash, but found it
 razed! The marks of the unholy edge of Office 2000 CD were still to be seen in 
the hole that was made to the floor by some foul servants of Elpuri.\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\b\ul\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 Chapter
 II: The First Attack{\b0\ulnone\par}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28  \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 What choice
 did I have? I ran back to my room, and found a green aura surrounding Penathlon
, consuming it's inner world. I could hear my trustworthy Athlon processor fight
 back the gloom, but no avail. My sound-card was already corrupted, and a demonic
 laughter was booming out from the speakers. "Thou shalt suffer for this atrocity
, evil spawn of Elpuri!!", I shouted, and ran for my keyboard, "Even without my 
artifacts, I shall delete you! And in the end, do not beg me for recycle bin, thou
 shalt go straight to /dev/null!!" Bill accepted my challenge, and materialized 
from my floppy drive. The ghastly form stepped forward, and shrugged the last jumpers
 and leds from its back, and lo! It hit me below the belt with a sharp Windows Protection
 Error before I had a chance to block! I quickly overcome the pain, and launched
 a massive counter-attack. The air ionized around us as I sprayed some Jolt to his
 eyes from my last-resort can. Bill groaned in pain, and I bashed it's face with
 a well-aimed TweakUI. As Bill's head was reorganizing, I launched a fierce omnislash
 with my Nokia 3210. Acidous blood sprayed all over, luckily I was wearing my Blessed
 Boxer-shorts of Protection from Elpuri, and thus didn't end up naked. The floor
 below us fizzed and melted away, and we fell together through the cellar, as Bill
's unholy blood was burrowing deeper and deeper into the ground. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\b\ul\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 Chapter
 III: The Long Struggle\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\b\ul\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 We fought
 for hours, days, it's hard to say, because the fight strained the World and changed
 it; I had a full work to keep it from crashing. With this extra strain and the 
missing of my artifacts, the battle was almost even. I hit Bill with Aborts, Kills
 (-9 and -15), Jolt Bolts, Coke Balls, Reboots, Hex Editors, Interrupts of all sorts
, Ultimas, Flares and Wizard Modes, but Bill's unholy aura seemed to protect him
! But that cannot be, I thought, Bill doesn't have such power! Bill kept throwing
 me with Illegal Operations, BSoDs, RadioActive Desktops, Power Fools, Internet 
Exploders filled with LSD, Autoruns, Ancient 8-bit Bugs with huge green eyes and
 a smelly breath, Sharp Window-shards poisoned with Unimaginable Swap and Ugly Tentacle
 Beasts from Outer Memory. I could quite easily defend myself from that kind of 
low-level attacks, but as the fight grew longer, we both grew tired, as I got further
 and further away from my precious Avatar, and Bill from Redmond, his main source
 of power, and all of the Windows-machines on the surface. We had burrowed for a
 long time, and it was getting very hot. We were coming closer to the Earth's surface
, and I knew that Bill couldn't come that far from his power sources. Suddenly Bill
 launched from under the last remains of his dressing gown a Chaotic Multicoloured
 Glowing Bestial Steaming Fiery Unholy Cursed Undead Vampiric Apocalyptical Ugly
 Smelly Evil Demonic Deadly Huge Hairy Radioactive Fat Acidous Astral Mother of 
All Crashes, and I had barely time to react to this horrific last attack. Quickly
 I yelled: \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 "MOV EEE...(
REPEAT  E 0x02^0x1F5D7)...EEDX, TheEssenceOfChaotic MulticolouredGlowingBestialSteamingFieryUnholyCursedUndeadVampiric
 ApocalypticalUglySmellyEvilDemonicDeadlyHugeHairyRadioactiveFat AcidousAstralMotherofAllCrashes
   \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 XOR EEE...(
REPEAT  E 0x02^0x1F5D7)...EEDX, EEE...(REPEAT  E 0x02^0x1F5D7)...EEDX    \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 MOV AH, 0x666
    INT 0x42!!!!!". \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 The foul 
monster got instantly /dev/null/ified, and I saw a crack in Bill's impenetrable 
aura. I cried and jumped at him. Bill didn't have time to raise his shields, and
 so I grasped him from the throat with my toes and seized him to the wall. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\b\ul\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 Chapter
 IV: The Apocalypse{\b0\ulnone\par}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 The touch
 of my Holy Toesocks tortured Bill's unholy flesh, but suddenly he shouted: \par
}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 "SetLang 
C#;\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 LaunchCode
[USA]=\u197\'c5\u197\'c5\u197\'c5\u197\'c5\u197\'c5;\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 MoveItem(
USA.Armory.NeutroniumBomb[457637], (3dVect)Perttu);\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 NuclearBlast
(USA.Armory.NeutroniumBomb[457637], \u197\'c5\u197\'c5\u197\'c5\u197\'c5\u197\'c5
);\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 Sound(Sounds
.Satanic.EvilDemonicLaughter, 3333);"\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 I was thrown
 by the explosion to the other end of the hole. What the R**mond? I thought. Bill
 cannot command the Universe that way!\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 "Bwahahahaahahaaa
!! Ye haven't forgotten yer dear Penathlon, have ye? It is mine now. MINE!!!", Bill
 laughed. I was horrified by the thought what Bill could do with Penathlon. Bill
 started to chant, channeling all the power of Penathlon to this final ritual, raising
 in his hand his most unholy artifact, the Windows 95 Master CD: \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 "{\dbch\af2
\loch\af1\hich\f1 Ash OS durbatuluk, ash OS gimbatul, ash OS thrakatuluk agh burzum
-ishi krimpatul}!!", \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 (Or "One 
OS to rule them all, One OS to find them, One OS to bring them all and in the darkness
 bind them!!" for those of you that don't have the tengwar font and cannot read 
the Black Language.) Then I knew that I didn't have time to loose. The Earth itself
 was trembling, and the fabric of the world was moaning as a dark orb of gloom was
 advancing from the Master CD. I knew that with Penathlon Bill could wipe out all
 Guruness from the World and bind the World to an eternal slavery, and if I stopped
 the spell and ripped Penathlon rawly to my control, it might explode, blowing the
 Earth to fine dust. I needed the Avatar to regain control of Penathlon. I quickly
 MOVed myself to M\u228\'e4ntt\u228\'e4 as Bill was too concentrated to his spell
 to notice me. \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28   \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\b\ul\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 Chapter
 V: The Purifying\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\b\ul\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 In a 0x01
/16^42th of a beat I arrived at my yard. I found it bustling with Microsoft SWAT
 Commandos and Mammoth tanks with Close Combat logos on them. What? Does Bill think
 that mere humans can stop me? I thought as I drew my GODly Ingram MAC-10 and shot
 each of the Commandos in the eyes. Maybe they were to stop the other valpurists
 from recovering Penathlon? I thought when I jumped over the tank-remains to my 
house. Penahlon was on, and I saw from its monitor the Divine Hex Code of The World
 Debugger, and a pair of hands surrounded by a sickly aura altering it. Quickly 
I clasped the Avatar and felt the power of Valpuri fill me again "As long as Windows
 controls Penathlon, thou cannot win, Perttu, but alas, if you remove it, thou cannot
 play Diablo 2 or SMAC anymore. It is thy choice now, to choose the fate of this
 world, my son.", I heard a voice boom in my head, "But choose quickly". I thought
 for one attobeat and then pressed the reset-button on Penathlon. Windows tried 
hard to start itself, but I bypassed it and started FORMAT. "I know ye cannot do
 that, I know ye cannot resist the call of your desire, the call of Diablo", Bill
 said to me through Penathlon's speakers, now seeming a little less confident. I
 kicked the speakers and launched Partition Magic. "I shall bind thee, Windows, 
to a mere 1G partition I shall bind thee, from harming the World and myself. INT
 0x06!!!!", I shouted and reinstalled Windows and bound it to stay on it's 1G partition
, forever, and bound a call to "Format C:" to the function that is run when I burb
 loudly. "Know this, thou slimy lord of bugs, now thee cannot again steal my true
 love from me, and Bill, know that now I shalt come and EAT YOUR NUTS!!", I yelled
 as Windows was trying, in vain, to get out from its prison. The Ultimate Power 
of Penathlon was again coursing through my veins, and quickly I repaired most of
 the damage Bill had done to the World and drank quickly 666 litres of Coke and 
teleported to the hole where I left Bill. But Bill was gone, he had cowardly used
 the last powers he had to 'port to Redmond. I jumped off from the hole and in my
 rage started to swim across the Atlantic, but then I regained myself, and raised
 my fist and shouted in a voive that could be heard in Redmond as well, "Lucky for
 thee, I have school tomorrow, and cannot finish thee off know, besides, humans 
must learn how to fight against you, so thee can keep thy nuts...for now!" \par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 Then I returned
 to the Holy M\u228\'e4ntt\u228\'e4, and I had to spend the long night healing the
 damage Bill had done to Penathlon and to The World\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\b\ul\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 Epilogue
:{\b0\ulnone\par}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f0\lang1033\fs28\kerning28 This still
 was a great victory for Valpuri and to guruness, remember what I have written, 
for the true Holy War against the Evil is coming, and that I am not going to fight
 for you alone. And remember, that Windows is evil, and cannot be anything else. 
Know thy Windows, and keep it from invading thy computer by reinstalling it as often
 as you dare, what you have to do anyway at least twice a year.\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f3\lang1033\fs28\kerning28\par}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\f3\lang1033\fs28\kerning28\tab      
{\f0\lang1035\tab}{\dbch\af5\loch\af4\hich\f4 Pontifex Maximus Grandis Ranae \par
}}

\pard\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\sl240\slmult1{\dbch\af5\loch\af4\hich\f4\lang1035\fs28
\kerning28\tab  \tab{\lang1033 Castus} {\lang1033 Petrus I{\b\ul\par}}}

}